i was vegan for just over five years
and it was kind of everything to me it
was my whole life
my whole identity it was a motivation
behind my youtube channel
it was just my whole world it was
something i believed
so strong down to my core tonight's
dinner is a
sober noodle salad with um some salmon i
just cooked the salmon
in a pan i am crumbing some chicken
oh yeah so we go flour first
into the egg into the bread crumbs then
i realized that
if i don't have my health i don't have
anything and i have to put that first
i was so scared about what other people
would think that it was
controlling me and i wasn't listening to
myself i wasn't listening to my body
the reason i'm eating eggs and fish are
not like chicken and meat i'm not
chicken is because i don't feel
comfortable eating chicken meat like i
i don't know if i ever will but right
now i don't feel comfortable doing that
that looks unhealthy
if i don't have my health i don't have
anything i also had a chicken sausage to
go with it
so that's why i'm eating fish and eggs
ethically i feel okay with that decision
point is doing what she's doing now
could give her body
some time to recuperate from her
dieting past and maybe allow her in the
future
to return to well not even return to
actually
try to eat like a normal vegan diet
they're gonna go no no like vegan
doesn't work so no you did it
wrong you didn't make it work for
yourself
all right so if you don't do it fine but
why make videos about something this is
not my health wasn't really good on the
vegan
but eating a high fibre diet may have
been making my problems worse
over time or at least not allowing them
to heal toast
bread um buttered dr jolly what is the
essence
of your two gun theory in the slaying of
robert kennedy
the essence of that theory is the fact
that the bullet which was removed from
the sixth serve of a vertebra
of senator kennedy is shown on exhibit
47 a bullet
taken from abc uh newsmen weissel
exhibit 54 and a test bullet fired from
a gun other than sir hans
exhibit number 55 do not match in any
characteristics whatsoever
similarly the canalers or the markings
of the bullets vary
and therefore the question arises
whether or not in fact a
bullet from the sirhan gun did in fact
penetrate
senator kennedy at any time potato red
onion and asparagus with some chicken
thigh and i'm gonna make a
honey mustard dressing me and emily shed
some bowel buns and some duck pancakes
and some fried rice we had some
cocktails i had
a lot of cocktails and i had this
amazing crab pasta
it's possible that eating fish and eggs
now doesn't have to be
a forever thing it may give bonnie kind
of the break that her body
needs from all of this extreme dieting
that she's done in the past which
i mean it's important that we view it
that
way right like this this high carb
eating is very extreme
dieting and um yeah it could be that now
eating
animal products eating less fiber
because she's seeing these animal
products
also possibly getting in nutrients that
she wasn't getting point is
doing what she's doing now could give
her body some time to
recuperate from her dieting past
and maybe allow her in the future to
return
to well not even return to actually
try to eat like a normal vegan diet i'm
still eating a very highly plant-based
diet i definitely haven't done
a 360 and you know gone to completely
eating animal products i'm only really
still eating a small amount but that
small amount has done
has made a big difference and i think
that's why it's important
to not be judgmental of people's health
choices
and be encouraging of them rather than
shutting someone down because they're
not 100 vegan
my sling is editorial explicit material
briefcase show live and stereo flow fill
me